just got a nice to hear from export goes
Paul Smith's you got some of the bits as
well to go there well come in the bag
this bag it's fresh not very good
material but my flower counts first this
is for my mate so tired in any of them I
can a day what it feels like right the
soon so often the quality but this looks
nice just a plain as well wait sure
suits like a navy blue blue thumb bow
just a Justin just a nice playing back
one right the print on it it's got good
weight to it but anything bad about it
is just got the live tired Luther on
back
but otherwise yeah also live Tom tie and
cufflinks good material all these feel
like the real thing there's nothing bad
about it and they are shady suit
not quite sure why so dark we go
/ material really nice material inside
as well feels really nice just pull
sniff all over and the tags more tact
I'm exercising so the nice buttons as
well the trouser threat yeah and it
worked like that expensive Eve I think
it's my eighty dollars for the zoo
that's without shipping okay thank you
for watching please like subscribe right
bank